---
layout: post
title:  "Lab 6 Documentation"
date:   2021-12-08 08:45:11 -0700
categories: IT&C
---


## Cover page: 

Include an appropriate title, your name, the class, and semester

## Table of Contents: 

Include a table of contents with page numbers for the major parts of the file

## Overview: 

Summarize, in 3-5 sentences, what was accomplished during the project (i.e., this
lab). Be specific about the technologies used to do it. Mention why it was done the way it was
(justify the design and the choice of technologies used, but briefly).
Design: Describe the overall design of your work. Specifically, discuss how the
webpage/functionality works in terms of the technologies used and how they interact. This is
not where you go into the details of your code. Rather, explain the architectural design of what
you did. There are two parts to this section:
a) Describe how the user interacts with the new features that you’ve added. For example,
“Users will type in a new to do item and click submit. This will call the … route, which
will have NodeJS add … to the MongoDB database and … Users will then see …” Use
screenshots to help illustrate and explain.
b) Present and explain the UML Sequence Diagram(s). From a technical perspective,
explain what data is being passed between the various component parts (e.g., NodeJS server,
Vue front-end, Mongo database). This section should fully convey the high level approach you
took. It should also include justification for your design (e.g., “An API architecture was used in
order to…”) and any limitations therein (e.g., because MongoDB is stored in the cloud…).
Detailed Documentation: This is where you discuss your code. Describe in a succinct way the key
files (and how they’re arranged), objects, functions, methods, attributes, etc., that are pertinent to what
was done in the lab. This is likely best done using bullets or tables. Make sure they are organized in a
meaningful way and sufficient detail is provided.
For example, key routes, functions, and variables should be described in a sentence that outlines their
purpose and any notes about their use. Where appropriate you can insert pieces of your code or
reference their position / location in the Documented Code section.
Tips & Warnings: Include at least 3 tips and/or warnings that highlight common errors or
misunderstandings. These are similar to tips from regular lab write-ups that you create. Remember,
don’t use first person.

## References: 

Refer to references in the text (i.e., the sections above) with numbers (e.g., [1] or [2-3])
and then in this section list the references themselves using the following examples as a guide:
1. AuthorFirst, AuthorLast, (Other authors), “Title of the reference”, Publication, publisher, date
2. Organization_or_committee (if no author listed), “Title of publication or web-page” web-site,
publisher, date
3. Wireshark Foundation, “Wireshark: the world’s foremost protocol analyzer”
http://www.wireshark.org/, Wireshark Foundation, accessed Sept 2011.
4. Stack Overflow, “How do I convert a string into an integer in javascript?”
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1133770/how-do-i-convert-a-string-into-an-integer-in-javascript,
Stack Overflow, accessed Sept 2011.

## Documented Code: Include as an appendix your documented code. This should include comments that
help explain variables, functions, etc. in context. They may include the same text as used in the Detailed
Documentation section, but in this case they will be inside of your code using the language commenting
features. Hopefully you have been doing this throughout the project, so it won’t be a lot of extra work.
It’s a key habit to get into for any coding.
